Peter's been a great partner we look to
always have great partners we're doing a
lot of different projects a lot of
different restaurants all over the
country so we have a lot of different
needs sometimes we're looking for a
unique design sometimes it's a copy of a
design we have in one of our other
stores I'm always happy and pleased when
I see great design and craftsmanship and
quality that holds up in the environment
that we're in so when I see Peters work
you know it makes me feel great I would
definitely recommend Peter is firm and
they've been great and nothing but
positive things to say about them Peter
is an amazingly passionate guy and he
really cares about what he does you know
it's really fun when a project is done
we've spent the day installing furniture
and he comes in with his piece or pieces
and my clients are usually there and
they look at this piece that they've
heard about and all of a sudden there it
is and they just are in awe their eyes
are wide open and their jaws dropping
and it's absolutely the best feeling I
could have as a designer he's just a
dream partner to have I know I can trust
him well when we were looking to move
our office spaces and really create a
new modern industrial look for our
offices came down to really one choice
and that was Peter Thomas design we
needed a partner that could be
collaborative with our creative people
running a creative business you
recognize people that are open to
other's ideas and also brings something
unique to the table and we were just
thrilled with the result we got because
Peter and his team are so great to work
with they listened hard took great notes
and came back with something that was
beyond what we expected well we were
looking for someone to help design the
furniture for our home we wanted someone
who was really creative and who could
really advance their ideas and and
incorporate our vision for the furniture
and how it would work in the house so in
terms of designing the house we really
wanted to bring the outdoor in and
and the indoors out and so all of Peters
pieces were designed to really
accommodate that accommodate our friends
and family to really appreciate the
outdoors we wanted each piece to be
unique and we wanted each piece to work
within that particular space within the
house when we have guests over they love
seeing Peters furniture and they
continue to comment on it and you know
ask questions about the design and how
it came about in my experience there's
no one that can compare
[Music]
you